<div><h1>YouTube Clone</h1><p>This is a JavaScript-based YouTube clone built using React. The application allows users to search for YouTube videos, view search results, watch individual videos, and interact with comments. The project utilizes various dependencies and integrates with Firebase Firestore for data storage.</p><h2>Features</h2><ul><li>Search for YouTube videos</li><li>View search results</li><li>Watch individual videos</li><li>Increment view count for each video</li><li>Add comments to videos</li><li>Edit and delete comments</li></ul><h2>Dependencies</h2><p>The project relies on the following dependencies:</p><ul><li>firebase: ^9.22.0</li><li>react: ^18.2.0</li><li>react-dom: ^18.2.0</li><li>react-icons: ^4.8.0</li><li>react-router-dom: ^6.11.2</li><li>react-scripts: 5.0.1</li><li>react-youtube: ^10.1.0</li><li>web-vitals: ^2.1.4</li></ul><h2>Routes</h2><p>The application consists of the following routes:</p><ul><li><code>/home</code>: Users can search for YouTube videos and view videos from previous searches.</li><li><code>/</code>: Users can view the search bar.</li><li><code>/videos/:id</code>: Users can view an individual video from the search results.</li></ul><h2>Data Storage</h2><p>The project utilizes Firebase Firestore to store and retrieve the following data:</p><ul><li>View count: The number of users who visited each video's <code>/videos/:id</code> route.</li><li>Comments: Users can add comments, edit comments, and delete comments associated with each video.</li></ul><h2>Getting Started</h2><p>To run the YouTube clone locally, follow these steps:</p><ol><li>Clone the repository.</li><li>Install the dependencies using the package manager of your choice.</li><li>Set up Firebase Firestore and configure the necessary credentials.</li><li>Start the development server using the command <code>npm start</code>.</li><li>Access the application in your web browser at the specified URL.</li></ol></div>

https://trello.com/b/hAl6eKFW/pursuit-group-project
<h3>Team members</h3>
<ul>
<li>Rubens Lombard</li>
<li>David Paquette</li>
</ul>